The last address of IP address represents?
Broadcast
Network
Unicast address
Multicast


Which of the following IP addresses class is multicast?
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class D


Which of the following is correct regarding Class B address of IP address
Network 18 , Host 16
Network 14 , Host 16
Network 16 , Host 14
Network 12 , Host 14

How many layers are in  TCP/IP ?
7 layers
4 layers
6 layers
5 layers


IPv4 Address is
64 bit
16 bit
48 bit
32 bit

DNS is the abreviation for
Dynamic Network System
Domain Name System
Domain Network Server
Dynamic Name System


What is the size of a MAC address?
16 bits
32 bits
48 bits
64 bits

MAC address is the example of?
Transport layer
Data link layer
Application layer
Physical layer

For error detection in TCP/IP we use?
Bit sum
Check sum
Error Flag
Error bit

The mount of data that can be carried in a given time is called?
Capacity
Scope
Bandwith
Limitation

What is the size of Host in Class B of an IP address?
4
8
16
32

What is the use of the ping command?
To test if your connection is wired or wireless
To test a device on the network is reachable
To get your MAC address
To get your IP address

What is a normal mask for a Class C network?
255.255.255.1
255.255.255.128
255.255.0.0
255.255.255.0

What does a protocol defines?
What data is communicated
How data is communicated
When data is communicated
None of the above

What is the use of Subnetting?
It divides one network into several smaller networks
It divides a network into network classes
It speeds upthe network
All of the above

The ............. provides a connection oriented reliable service for sending data.
 
