1. What is a Computer Network?

a) Two or more computers.
b) A router and a server.
c) A collection of interconnected devices.

2. Is it better to use TCP or UDP for a messaging application?

a) TCP.
b) UDP.
c) Both are just as good.

3. Broadcasts like online radio or video streaming are transimitted over:

a) TCP.
b) UDP.
c) A combination of both.

4. Which of these protocols is used for file exchange/storage?

a) SSH
b) TELNET
c) FTP

5. What does FTP stand for?

a) File Transfer Program.
b) File Transfer Protocol.
c) File Transmission Program.

6. What IEEE standard do Wi-Fi networks use?

a) 802.1
b) 802.11
c) 802.13

7. IP addresses that do not use subnets consist of:

a) a network, server and host portion
b) two network portions.
c) a network portion and a host portion.

8. Can you have a network that supports a maximum of 54 IPs?

a) Depends on the router
b) Yes.
c) No.

9. Can you have a client with the IP 193.178.4.0 in a network?

a) Yes, if the network is large enough(i.e. the first IP is 193.178.2.0)
b) No.
c) Depends on the subnet class.

10. Is the IEEE standard 802.13 used?

a) No.
b) Yes.
c) It was deprecated.

11. Is 802.11 ac the fastest Wi-Fi standard?

a) No, it's the slowest.
b) Yes.
c) Only if it is setup correctly.

12. Does a device that only supports 802.11b/g/n benefit from a router with 802.11 ac capabilities?

a) Yes.
b) Only if the router is backwards compatible.
c) No, it will run at 802.11b/g/n speeds.

13. Is the MAC address specific to a device or given by the network?

a) Specific to a device.
b) Give by the network.
c) The first half is device specific.

14. Can a device have a different IP address each time it connects to a network?

a) No.
b) Yes, if the IP is dynamically allocated and the IP from the previous session is in use.
c) Only when the IP is statically allocated.

15. How do you connect a switch to a router?

a) Copper straight-through wire.
b) Copper crossover wire.
c) Wirelessly.

16. Can you connect a computer to a server using a straight-through cable?

a) Only if the server is older than the computer.
b) Yes.
c) No.




