
1. A _____ is a device that forwards packets between networks by processing the routing information included in the packet.
a. bridge
b. firewall
c. router
d. all of the mentioned

2. TCP :
a. guarantees data delivery
b. writes packets to bytes
c. can lose packets
d. none of the above

3. UDP:
guarantees datagram ordering 
writes stream of bytes
read bytes from one packet
none of the above
The physical layer concerns with 
bit-by-bit delivery
process to process delivery
application to application delivery
 none of the mentioned

4. Which one of the following task is not done by data link layer? (d)
framing
error control
flow control
channel coding
The network layer concerns with (c)
bits
frames
packets
none of the mentioned

5. Transport layer aggregates data from different applications into a single stream before passing it to (a)
network layer
data link layer
application layer
physical layer

6. This is not a application layer protocol
HTTP
SMTP
FTP
TCP

7. The OSI model has ___ layers.
4
5
6
7

8. A DNS client is called
DNS updater
DNS resolver
DNS handler
none of the mentioned

9. The entire hostname has a maximum of
255 characters
127 characters
63 characters
31 characters

10. FTP server listens for connection on port number
(who cares? you can google)
20
21
22
23

11. SMTP uses the TCP port
22
23
24
25

12. When displaying a web page, the application layer uses the
HTTP protocol
FTP protocol
SMTP protocol
none of the mentioned


13. HTTP client requests by establishing a __________ connection to a particular port on the server.
user datagram protocol
transmission control protocol
broader gateway protocol
none of the mentioned

14. MAC address is of
3 bytes
4 bytes
5 bytes
6 bytes

15. Which of the following is not applicable for IP?
Error reporting
Handle addressing conventions
Datagram format
Packet handling conventions

16. DHCP (dynamic host configuration protocol) provides _____ to the client.
IP address
MAC address
url
none of the mentioned

17. In FTP protocol, client contacts server using ____ as the transport protocol.
transmission control protocol
user datagram protocol
datagram congestion control protocol
stream control transmission protocol

18. In which mode FTP, the client initiates both the control and data connections.
active mode
passive mode
none of the mentioned

19. An IP address contains________ bits ?
8
16
32
64

20. Which IP address is reserved for software loop-back?
224.x.x.x
127.x.x.x
0.0.0.0
255.255.255.255

21. Which of the following is an application layer service ?
Network virtual terminal
File transfer, access, and management
Mail service
All of the mentioned

22. You can enable RIP on Cisco router by following command: 
R(config)#router rip
R(config-if)#router rip
R#router rip
R4(config)#router rip version 2

23. What does LAN stand for?
Local Area Network
Low Area Network
Local Arial Net
None of the above




