How many binary numbers are in an IP addresses?
a. 4   <br>
b. 12  <br>
c. 32  <br>
d. 56  <br>

Which are the two parts of an IP addresses?
a. Network and subnet            <br>
b. Physical and logical          <br>
c. Network and host              <br>
d. Physical and port address     <br>

Having an IP and a netmask, how do you found the last IP of class to which it belongs?
a. Logical ‘and’ between IP and netmask             <br>
b. Logical ‘or’ between IP and netmask              <br>
c. Logical ‘and’ between IP and netmask negated     <br>
d. Logical ‘or’ between IP and netmask negated      <br>

What is the purpose of an IP address?
a. A unique location identifier           <br>
b. A unique identifier for a computer     <br>
c. A network location identifier          <br>
d. None of this                           <br>

What does /28  represents in the IP address 152.16.168.196/28?
a. The number of bits in the host portion of the IP address       <br>
b. The number of bits in the network portion of the IP address    <br>
c. The number of hosts in a network                               <br>
d. None of this                                                   <br>

What is the net ID for the network in which 172.16.66.0/21 is located?
a. 172.16.0.0                                 <br>
b. 172.16.36.0                                <br>
c. 172.16.48.0                                <br>
d. 172.16.64.0                                <br>

Given the network mask id of 255.255.240.0, how many hosts can you have?
a. 1024                <br>
b. 1022                <br>
c. 4094                <br>
d. 4096                <br>

What is the maximum number of IP that you can use on a local subnet that uses the  255.255.255.224 subnet mask?
a. 16          <br>
b. 21          <br>
c. 30          <br>
d. 32          <br>

What is the net ID for the network in which 172.16.66.38/24 is located?
a. 172.17.66.0     <br>
b. 172.16.64.0     <br>
c. 172.16.66.1     <br>
d. 172.16.66.0     <br>


What is the net ID for the network in which 192.168.242.5/20 is located?
a. 192.168.241.1   <br>
b. 192.168.243.0   <br>
c. 192.168.240.0   <br>
d. 192.168.242.1   <br>

Which of the following commands can be used to find the IP address on UNIX?
a. Ipconfig    <br>
b. Ifconfig    <br>
c. Iplookup    <br>
d. Islookup    <br>

A FTP(File Transfer Protocol) can be.
a. Active    <br>
b. Passive   <br>
c. Both      <br>

Which of the following are needed for Web browsers to find Web servers?
a. DHCP servers      <br>
b. DNS servers       <br>
c. WINS servers      <br>
d. All of them       <br>

The DHCP server
a. maintains the information about client configuration parameters
b. grants a IP address when receives a request from a client    <br>
c. maintains a database of available IP addresses               <br>
d. All of them                                                  <br>
                                                                <br>
What does DHCP provides for a host?
a. IP address           <br>
b. MAC address          <br>
c. URL                  <br>
d. Nothing              <br>

Which of this is a difference between static and dynamic routing?
a. Dynamic routing is used by a DNS server         <br>
b. Static routing is used in large networks        <br>
c. Dynamic routes are added automatically          <br>
d. Static routes are added automatically           <br>

The communication between DHCP client and servers on the same subnet it is made using.
a. UDP broadcast        <br>
b. UDP unicast          <br>
c. TCP broadcast        <br>
d. TCP unicast          <br>

What Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) does?
a. List all configured interfaces on a system                 <br>
b. Physical address is found for a given logical address      <br>
c. To convert ethernet addresses to IP addresses              <br>
d. None of this                                               <br>

What protocol is used to automatically assign IP addresses to hosts?
a. DHCP         <br>
b. NAT          <br>
c. ARP          <br>
d. DNS          <br>

TCP  sliding windows are oriented to.
a. Packet             <br>
b. Segment            <br>
c. Byte               <br>
d. None of this       <br>

For flow control, TCP uses a ……. window protocol.
a. limited-size       <br>
b. fixed-size         <br>
c. sliding            <br>
d. None of this       <br>

Where should you use a crossover cable?
a. To connect  two PCs together directly   <br>
b. To connect a PC to a switch             <br>
c. To connect a router to a hub            <br>
d. To connect a PC to a hub                <br>

Where should you use a straight through cable?
a. To connect a PC to a router           <br>
b. To connect a switch to a hub          <br>
c. To connect a router to a hub          <br>
d. To connect two hubs together          <br>

A dynamic routing table.
a. Is updated automatically              <br>
b. Make decisions on the best path       <br>
c. Is created by a routing protocol      <br>
d. All of them                           <br>

A  static routing table.
a. It can’t be changed           <br>
b. Is update manually            <br>
c. Always has the best path      <br>
d. All of them                   <br>

Which of this is something that the default gateway does?
a. Passes traffic from the local subnet to devices on other subnets     <br>
b. It identifies the local subnet and formulates a routing table        <br>
c. Keeps all the IDs of others subnets                                  <br>
d. All of this                                                          <br>
