1. Choose which protocols are at the application layer:
a)FTP
b)DHCP
c)HTTP
d)RIP

2. Choose which protocols are at the transport layer:
a)IP
b)UDP
c)Ethernet
d)HTTP

3. Does OSI stand for Open Systems Interconnection?
Answear: True.

4. A host can implement both sides of a client-server service.
Meaning both client and server.

5.Do usually switches use IP addresses?

6. We use send() and recv() when using datagrams (UDP)

7. When a router receives a packet, it looks at the MAC addresses
to determine the path the packet should take. A standard switch looks
at the Network layer source and destination addresses to determint the path.

8. In both UDP and TCP you must use listen().

9. Ping uses ICMP from the Network Layer.

10. A host can only implement one side of the client-server service.
Meaming the client or the server.

11. An IPv4 address is 32 bytes long, represented in as 4 bytes
in decimal separated by ".".

12. A switch always sends all incoming packets to all MAC addresses
it is connected to.

13. When client closes a socket the client end system sends TCP FIN control segment
to server. After that the server receives FIN and replies with ACK.
Does the server send anything else?

14. Only one of the client or the server has to bind to the socket.

15. A UDP header contains: 
(source IP address, source Port number, destination Port number, Destination IP address)

16. A UDP source port number is represented on 32 bits.

17. UDP provides the following services: 
a) Process-to-process delivery
b) Reliable data transfer
c) Error-checking
d) Congestion Control

18. Multiplexing is when the incoming data to a host is directed
to the host's appropiate socket.

19. A TCP socket is identified by (source IP address, source Port number, destination Port number, Destination IP address)

20. An UDP socket is identified by IP address + Port number.

21. A socket is an interface between the Application Layer and
the Transport Layer.

22. IP(Internet Protocol) is a best-effort delivery service which means it
is reliable.










