


1. Which of the following affirmations about UDP is not true ?
	a. Writes packets of bytes
	b. No read bytes from a packet are lost
	c. Neither party can overflow the other. Traffic is controlled
by the OS
	d. Not read bytes from a packet are lost

R:c


2. Which one is not a principle to the OSI model?
	a. A layer should be created where a different abstraction is needed.
	b. Each layer should perform a well-defined function.
	c. The layer boundaries should be chosen to maximize the information 
flow across the interfaces.
	d. The function of each layer should be chosen with an eye toward 
defining internationally standardized protocols.

R:c


3. Which of the following layers, controls the operation of a subnet and handles
how packets are routed from source to destination ?
	a. The Network Layer
	b. The Transport Layer
	c. The Session Layer
	d. The Presentation Layer


4. Which protocol handles mail exchange?
	a.FTP
	b.TELNET
	c.SSH
	d.SMTP



5. Which one of the following is a Natural Mask?
	a. 255.255.255.255
	b. 255.255.255.0
	c. 255.255.255.128
	d. 255.255.255.64




6. IP - best effort protocol - does its best effort to transfort datagram
from one machine to another with no guarantee of an
	a. Successful delivery
	b. Duplication/Unicity
	c. Data integrity
	d. All of the above




7. Which affirmation is not true about The Network Address Translation:
	a. No need to be allocated range of addresses from ISP:- just one
IP address is used for all devices
	b. Can change addresses of devices in local network without 
notifying outside world
	c. Can change ISP only by changing addresses of devices in 
local network
	d. devices inside local net not explicitly addressable, visible 
by outside world




8. Which of the following affirmations about TCP is not true?
	a. Client process must first be running
	b. Server must have created socket that welcomes client’s contact
	c. Allows server to talk with multiple clients
	d. Source port numbers are used to distinguish clients 

R:a


9. IP Routing is based on the:
	a. Source IP
	b. Destination IP
	c. Network Address
	d. Broadcast Address


10. Which is not a Service of a Data Link Layer?
	a.Framing and link access
	b.Flow Control
	c.Error Correction
	d.Traffic isolation
	











	

